# Creating a runnable Jar
To create a Jar for this project, you need to have Maven installed.
With Maven installed and this repository downloaded, open a terminal and navigate to the folder `ConfigurableSchedulingTool`, in which the pom.xml is located.
Here run the command:
```
mvn clean install package
```
The Jar will be located in the folder `target`.

# Usage
In a terminal, navigate to the `target`-folder. A Jar can be run with the command
```
java -jar <jarName> [list of parameters]
```
The following parameters are available.

### Path-Preferences
Setting where solutions to solved problems are stored
```
solutionpath <path>     // set location
get solutionpath        // get location
```
Setting where uvl-files of generated problems are stored
``` 
problempath <path>      // set location
get problempath         // get location
```

### Generating problems
Problems can be generated using the command
``` 
generate <jobCount> <taskCount< <durationOutlier> <machineCount> <optionalCount> <altCount> <altGroupCount> <deadline> <durationConCount> <maxDurationConFromOneTask> <name>
```

### Solving problems
Problems can be solved in various ways. Firstly, you can choose between two options. `o` to search for an optimal solution, or `f` to search for a feasible solution.

For problems generated by the program, it is not necessary to specify a path, granted you set the `problempath` beforehand.
```
solve [o|f] <problemName>.uvl
```
If you created a problem yourself, e.g. via a feature model, you need to specify the path. uvl- and xml-files are supported.
``` 
solve [o|f] <problemFilePath>
```
If you want to solve a variable problem via its instances, the path to the folder containing the valid configurations of the problem has to be specified, as well as the path to the xml-file of the corresponding feature model. In this case, only xml-files are supported.
```
solve [o|f] <fmXmlFilePath> <configsFolderPath>
```